feat(curriculum): add second flexbox workshop to FSD cert (#62735)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/workshop-colorful-boxes/68eaeaf8b317a4294f170f40.md

---
id: 68eaeaf8b317a4294f170f40
title: Step 1
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-1
demoType: onLoad
---

# --description--

In this workshop, you will practice working with CSS flexbox by designing a set of colored boxes.  

To begin the project, link the `style.css` into your `html` 

# --hints--

Create a `link` element inside `<head>`

```js
assert.exists('link')
```

Your `link` tag should have an `href` atribute

```js

> const hrefAttribute = linkElement.getAttribute('href');

Author: created

---
id: 68eaeaf8b317a4294f170f40
title: Step 1
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-1
demoType: onLoad
---

# --description--

In this workshop, you will practice working with CSS flexbox by designing a set of colored boxes.  

To begin the project, link the `styles.css` into your `html` 

# --hints--

Create a `link` element inside `head`

```js
assert.exists('link')
```

Your `link` tag should have an `href` atribute

```js
const linkElement = document.querySelector('link');
const hrefAttribute = linkElement.getAttribute('href');
assert.exists(hrefAttribute, 'style.css');

> ```

Reviewer: check https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp/blob/3f7ad26a00a97f9b0b72f4fbc9727d8aaaa07137/curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/lab-business-card/6690e10ebe2181212abc9652.md#L50-L56

---
id: 68eaeaf8b317a4294f170f40
title: Step 1
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-1
demoType: onLoad
---

# --description--

In this workshop you will practice working with CSS flexbox by designing a set of colored boxes.

> To begin, link your `styles.css` file to the HTML document.

Author: Acknowledged, you are right. It makes much more sense to put this step after.

> To begin the project, link to the external stylesheet `styles.css` from your `index.html` document.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To begin, link your `styles.css` file to the HTML document.
```

Author: fixed
